WRP-21114: Generated ts file is empty if a module is marked as private (#30)
enactjs/jsdoc-to-ts: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [unreleased]

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Please follow the convention of the previous change log.

> * If a module is marked as private `.ts` file will not be generated.

Reviewer: Please follow the convention of the previous change log.
> - Was it described in terms of what was modified rather than how it was modified?
> - Did it start with the past tense? ex) Fixed, Updated

## [unreleased]

> * Fixed generation of empty `.ts` file for the private module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed generation of empty `.ts` file for private modules.
```
